hey guys so this is just a quick video
to cover something that I've been asked
quite a lot about and this is the
masteries that alter your terror shield
now there are two masteries one is
tenacious shield and the other is life
shield what if you look at this from a
tooltip it's got frost arrow in the
description and it doesn't tell you at
all what this skill actually does
lifeshield fortunately is a little bit
clearer but it's still worded terribly
and nobody really has a clue what
they're specking into until they do it
so the long and short of it lifeshield
offers a heel at the end so once your
shield gets taken down you have a pretty
substantial heal in my case m if i
switch my masteries here my base absorb
is 2400 once that's broken through I get
a little bit of a bare steel for 1700
which is pretty good it's a really good
buffer especially when you're getting
used to the class and it really helps
you out and it has stopped me dying many
many times while I've been leveling but
once you get the hang of the class and
you know what you're doing you're more
than likely better off switching to this
tanisha shield the reason being the
absorb is so much higher my absorb
currently is 4500 which is a huge amount
especially and if you think about it
from a pvp standpoint later on in the
game now the main thing to know about
your shields or that they scale with
your magic damage staff you get this
from increasing your intelligence you
get them from your elemental activation
buff but most importantly you get it
from your weapon now if you look at this
if I only quit my weapon my magic damage
hammer it is it drops by 600 re-equip
that it jumps up your weapon is a
sorcerer early is huge I can't stress
the importance of this which is why
every time I get a new weapon first
thing I do open the enhancement menu
drag it across and completely max my
damage I only ever use gold and I only
ever use as much as I really see fit
well it has meant that I've only
actually had three weapons from the
start right to level 34
and the rest of my gear I completely
ignore it's something that I'm really
not Bible with at all now another thing
worth noting with regards to your shield
is that you should be where possible
using elemental activation before you
shield I tend to shield before a pull
weight and then about 25 seconds of the
cooldown gone on my shield I'll
elemental activation resealed pole and
burst now the reason for this being the
thirty percent damage increase you get
from elemental activation it works out
for me at roughly 300 magic damage which
is almost a thousand Dexter absorb on
the shield so just to show you this
going to pop elemental activation reopen
that show you 5500 shield now magic
damage increased by nearly 300 or over
300 once that's gone shield drops down
so as long as you apply that shield
wants the elemental activation buffs up
you're going to get the maximum absorb
rate possible so i hope this video has
been if used to some of you don't forget
to check out the rest of my guides and
the rest of my videos on my channel i am
going to carry on with the leveling
process going to look at some bill to
get some builds up as quick as possible
and get to end game and hopefully be
able to help out a couple of you guys